To prioritize the findings,
you have to understand the severity level,
validate the findings, and remove false positives.
You are focusing on what truly matters.
There are resources available to help in this research,
including MITRE's CVE framework.
Sometimes scans can detect things incorrectly,
and so this helps.
For example, I remember one day I conducted a scan trying to
find any traces of clear text credit card information in a corporate network.
While it's not a software flaw per say that I was looking for,
it's a violation of security policy and thus a gap that you want to find.
I had programmed the technology to look for strings that looked like credit cards.
Something that's 16 digits usually doesn't start with a one or a zero, and so on.
I added all of those rules.
Now, you can imagine I scan
the terabytes of file storages looking for this type of string.
Now because another common string in the company was
also 16 digits used for certain system IDs.
I ended up with something like 200,000 alerts,
and majority of them were false positives because they weren't credit card numbers.
It's important to weed those out before you
try to fix things that aren't even an issue to begin with.